everybody welcome back got another video
clip now I was really excited when I
seen this just going through the sources
and I found this I was pretty excited
because I'm trying to find out a way to
do this for a long time and you know I'm
talking about it's how to record your
ipod screen from your ipod so you don't
get a freaking hook up to computer then
get to screen recorder and just make it
that set screen whatever it's it's a lot
easier this way now there are some flaws
to this which i will be getting to do so
first what you want to i'll show you how
to get
now in the last video I showed you have
to get that info board this one is it's
in the same source in position if you
don't know what it is it's pretty
obvious things called screen recorder
it's pretty obvious so let's load up
yeah whatever let's go to manage go to
sources go to X sizzle go down to s yeah
and they lit up their screen recording
so so you can see that you get the seat
check that is just download it now what
you want to do is go over to it it's
just a red button with that gradient
background so I just gotta quit it so I
can make it on the video and it will
take you this right here all I do is hit
capture and every chords 45 seconds
let's go to a boat that's not gonna help
we'd all that
well I said
all right so is going to capture and
we'll give you a little time countdown
so we're going to eggs it up and let's
open up should we open up its tip up
doodle jump this for something to do
I'll try and have to take another list
apply it over so let's change it over to
the winter version
and i found when Todd so just do it
about go back to the job and hit stop
and I will save it to your ipod and you
can also delete these videos obviously
now I took a video and i went into my
pitches when i was recording and I just
you have to do it yourself it's really
messed up so we are we've got movie 3 so
I would have a couple saved and just
watch it it goes really fast with some
reason though
now I'm not saying the best screen
recorder they will probably have updates
i hope to get rid of some of those like
yes things and like on one you won't
like super fast through it all it was
weird only twice as fast in this one
spot no I same it's the best thing but
who cares it's pretty it's pretty cool i
think so that's all i got for ya
remember to waco and subscribe for more
videos